= markup_validity

* http://github.com/tenderlove/markup_validity

== DESCRIPTION:

MarkupValidity provides test/unit and rspec helpers for checking the validity
of your documents.  Shortcuts for verifying xhtml-transitional and
xhtml-strict documents are provided as well.  MarkupValidity will not only
tell you when your document is invalid, but it will tell you what it *should*
be.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* Make sure that markup_validity is required *after* test/unit, or mix
  MarkupValidity::Assertions in to your test class yourself.
* Currently AWESOME!

== SYNOPSIS:

  ###
  # test/unit example
  require 'test/unit'
  require 'rubygems'
  require 'markup_validity'

  class ValidHTML < Test::Unit::TestCase
    def test_i_can_has_valid_xhtml
      assert_xhtml_transitional xhtml_document
    end
  end

  ###
  # rspec example
  require 'rubygems'
  require 'markup_validity'

  describe "my XHTML document" do
    it "can has transitional xhtml" do
      xhtml_document.should be_xhtml_transitional
    end
  end

  ###
  # Rails controller test example
  require 'test_helper'
  require 'markup_validity'
  
  class AwesomeControllerTest < ActionController::TestCase
    test "valid markup" do
      get :new
      assert_xhtml_transitional @response.body
    end
  end

  ###
  # Here is an example error report

  Error on line: 7:
  Element 'p': This element is not expected. Expected is one of ( a, br, span, bdo, object, applet, img, map, iframe, tt ).
  
  6:     <p>
  7:       <p>
  8:         Yo dawg, I heard you like p-tags
  9:       </p>
  10:     </p>
  .
  <false> is not true.

== REQUIREMENTS:

* depends on nokogiri

== INSTALL:

* gem install markup_validity

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009 Aaron Patterson

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
